  final Map<String, String> moodMessages = {
    "Hopeful": "It’s wonderful to feel hope! Nurture it by thinking of one small step you can take toward your goal today.",
    "Triggered": "Take a deep breath. It's okay to feel this way. Ground yourself by focusing on something you can see, touch, hear, or smell.",
    "Calm": "Feeling calm is a gift. Take a moment to enjoy this peace and consider what helps you stay centered.",
    "Mindful": "Notice the details around you. How does your body feel? Mindfulness can be powerful for well-being.",
    "Empowered": "You’ve got this! Use this energy to take a step forward. What will you accomplish today?",
    "Vulnerable": "Being vulnerable takes courage. Remember, it’s okay to lean on others for support when you need it.",
    "Validated": "Feeling seen and understood can be incredibly comforting. Take a moment to appreciate this.",
    "Grounded": "Feel the earth beneath you. Centering yourself brings peace. Reflect on something steady in your life.",
    "Disconnected": "Feeling disconnected can be tough. Try reaching out to someone or doing an activity that brings you joy.",
    "Optimistic": "Optimism lights the way forward! Keep this positive outlook and share it with others when you can.",
    "Distracted": "It’s okay to feel scattered. Try a quick reset: close your eyes, breathe deeply, and focus on one small task.",
    "Grieving": "Grief takes time. Allow yourself to feel it without judgment. Reach out to loved ones or take a gentle step toward healing.",
    "Rejected": "Rejection hurts, but remember: it doesn’t define you. You are worthy and valued just as you are.",
    "Accepted": "Acceptance is a beautiful thing. Celebrate who you are and the journey that brought you here.",
    "Lonely": "Loneliness is a shared human experience. Try connecting with someone you trust, even if just to say hi.",
    "Burnt Out": "Burnout is a sign to slow down. Prioritize rest and ask for help where you can. Your well-being matters.",
    "Resilient": "You’ve come through so much. Honor your resilience and think about what’s helped you stay strong.",
    "Centered": "Being centered helps us weather life’s storms. Carry this feeling with you as a reminder of your strength.",
    "Panicked": "Panic can feel overwhelming. Try to breathe deeply and ground yourself by counting backward from ten.",
    "Encouraged": "Encouragement fuels us forward! Keep this spirit close and consider sharing it with someone who needs it.",
    "Inspired": "Feeling inspired is powerful. Write down your ideas, and take even a small step toward bringing them to life.",
    "Exhausted": "You deserve rest. Allow yourself time to recharge. Listen to your body and take care of yourself.",
    "Content": "Contentment brings balance. Take a deep breath and appreciate the small things that bring you joy.",
    "Irritable": "Irritability is natural. Take a step back and identify what’s bothering you. Gentle self-care can help.",
    "Supported": "You’re not alone. Lean into this support, and remember to appreciate those who uplift you."
  };